
Introduction
Main Character: Walt Thomas from Tribe of Iberia(Benjamin)	 (UE4 Hero Mercenary Warrior)
2nd  Character: Henry Bernard from Tribe of Iberia(Benjamin) (UE4 Crusader)

Walt and Henry (teenagers) Running through the woods chasing a dear, hunting.
Stumbles on a cave with scrolls.
Starts the curiosity where the scrolls stories came from and what are there meanings.
His friend wants him to leave the scrolls alone because they will change him.
Each scrolls is a flashback to the chracters in the story.  




(Stories are Paul and Barnabus from The Book of Acts mixed with other stories) (UE4 Stylized Paladian)
Main Scene I

ACTS 16:16-24
Philippi, which is a leading city of the district of Macedonia and a Roman colony. Acts 16:12

A Synagogue next to a river bank. Roman distict.

16 As we were going to the place of prayer, we were met by a slave girl who had a spirit of divination and brought her owners much gain by fortune-telling. 17 She followed Paul and us, crying out, “These men are servants of the Most High God, who proclaim to you the way of salvation.” 18 And this she kept doing for many days. Paul, having become greatly annoyed, turned and said to the spirit, “I command you in the name of Jesus Christ to come out of her.” And it came out that very hour.

19 But when her owners saw that their hope of gain was gone, they seized Paul and Silas and dragged them into the marketplace before the rulers. 20 And when they had brought them to the magistrates, they said, “These men are Jews, and they are disturbing our city. 21 They advocate customs that are not lawful for us as Romans to accept or practice.” 22 The crowd joined in attacking them, and the magistrates tore the garments off them and gave orders to beat them with rods. 23 And when they had inflicted many blows upon them, they threw them into prison, ordering the jailer to keep them safely. 24 Having received this order, he put them into the inner prison and fastened their feet in the stocks. 